After the initial assessment and strategizing, customers often request a Proof of Concept (PoC) 
to validate 
1)the technical feasibility,
2)business impact,
3)and organizational readiness for the new solution.

After PoC iterate the strategy and evalautaion phase process.he following are the main activities during the PoC phase,
along with their goals.

Define PoC success criteria.
Deﬁne a specific and measurable outcome from the PoC that will eﬀectively show it was successful.
Deﬁne the design criteria and readiness for the PoC from a systems and data perspective.

Evaluate data readiness
Ask your customer: "Are you having any challenges with how your data is currently stored?"

Continue Ops model planning
In the Strategy and Evaluation phase, you may have started discussing model selection with your customer.
During the PoC phase,Ops model planning will continue, and the following can occur.
        Identify parameters that maximize performance metrics (for example, price, latency, and accuracy).
        Adapt the chosen model, the selection from pre-training, fine tuning, or in-context learning.
        Plan the implementation, confirm technical feasibility, and assess the ROI.
        Identify and select the model features that perform best for the specific use case scenario.
        Potentially build multiple versions of a POC to compare different components.
Plan to progress from PoC to Implementation
        Have a clear understanding of end goals and next steps early on in the PoC design phase. 
        Ensure that your customers can integrate end goals into their PoC approach as needed, minimizing
        the risk of stalling in the PoC phase (also known as PoC purgatory).
        The plan may include understanding key stakeholders, budgets for the project, resource availability or constraints,
        and having a timeline to show the business results and impact. 

To stay within project scope, ensure that you have your responsible guard rails in place. 

Standard metrics include:

Top Line revenue impact – Grow sales by adding new value added offerings and win new customers.
Bottom Line – Reduce product costs and finance and administrative costs.
Intangible or Subjective – Stay relevant with tech, customer sentiment, and satisfaction rates.

Customers may face the challenge of ending up in PoC purgatory if they have not definitively 
reached the goals of the preliminary activities presented earlier

So it's important to ensure that all leadership teams are aligned on the goals and success outcomes 
of the project during both the Strategy and PoC phases.
During the PoC phase, some top challenges and considerations for customers include:
Complex workflows:
The interdependence of workflows increases the risk of errors that spread across systems. 
Data is not seamlessly integrated and data does not flow well across business units.
Poor data quality
Poor quality data imposes a barrier to at-scale adoption.
Siloed data architecture
Legacy data silos obstruct efficient access to unified data that is essential for ML model training and fine-tuning
Legal and cybersecurity issues
Sensitive data must be handled correctly, even during the PoC phase.

what partners can do?
Partners can help customers complete necessary tasks and address a few of the considerations in 
this phase by taking the following actions.

Create a standardized PoC offering for customers that:
Includes a defined scope with a timeline to avoid PoC purgatory
Is included in your marketplace (such as blueprints and startup kits) 
Has customizable options for specific industry and use cases
Takes into account your customer's data readiness. A consistent roadblock from moving to PoC to 
implementation is data readiness.

Implementation Phase:
The Implementation phase is the transition from a PoC to a fully operational generative AI solution. The solution must meet your customer's organizational needs and achieve the goals
defined during the Strategy & Evaluation phase
During the Implementation phase, consider the operational aspect of the generative AI solution in production. This includes verifying that upstream and downstream systems are operational without failure and there is governance in place,
according to the enterprise standards and requirements.

The following are the main activities during the Implementation phase, along with their goals.
Orchestration
This involves the automated configuration, coordination, and management of systems and processes. 
Orchestration is critical to successfully scale a generative AI implementation
Actions: 

    Provide a consistent API interface
    Perform prompt chaining 
    Integrate multiple large language models (LLMs) pipelines
    Take action to the external system
Data Preparations
Good quality, well-organized data is essential to the success of a generative AI implementation
Guardrails;
Guardrails are a way to keep a process in line with expectations. In the case of generative AI, they are the filters, rules, and tools that sit between inputs, the model, and outputs. 
Guardrails are implemented to safeguard an application's requirements and ensure responsible AI policies.

Actions: Reduce the likelihood of erroneous or toxic outputs and unexpected formats, such as hallucinations and jailbreaking, 
through prompt engineering. Validate foundation model (FM) outputs through declarative statements on measurable features

Organizational change management
Change management is a set of processes designed to help customers successfully implement their generative AI solutions and manage any reorganization. The goal of change management is to ensure success by creating a comprehensive 
plan to launch and track the impact of the generative AI implementation.
        Outline who is responsible for completing specific tasks. 
        Implement team training. 
        Reassess metrics and protocols to ensure high adoption rates.
        Collect human feedback to allow the development team to validate that the AI system is behaving as 
        intended and producing outputs that align with the desired functionality.

During the Implementation phase, some top challenges and considerations for customers include:
Multiple downstream dependencies
In-efficient interface between legacy system, process and s/w may obstruct the whole cycle.
Poor data maturity
        Incomplete, outdated and inaccurate information may end-up with an issue.
        Disorganized data can be difficult for machines to understand and analyze correctly.
Lack of clear understanding regarding risks and availability of relevant safety test cases 
Lack of mechanisms to support change management
    Tracking and monitoring of related operating metrics 

What partner can do?
Help to create a minimally viable product (MVP)
   If your customer is not ready for a full scaled implementation, an MVP is a good progression milestone.
Provide comprehensive implementation services that can be customizable to customer needs.
            Plan to move from testing and experimentation to production by incorporating best practices. 
            Offer guidance and assistance to ensure proper orchestration.
            Provide data preparation services.
            Help develop, define, and codify guardrails.

Enhance the organization’s change management approach
        Develop a strategy for business value.
        Capture business value in production.
Build CoE
customers setup an Enterprise CoE to get traction on their generative AI solution. 

Moving past roadblocks to production
Moving from PoC to production requires investment and consideration.
Operate-
This involves managing the ML pipelines, which may encompass FM or ML models, model 
training, model deployment, and model inference.
integrating DevOps practices to ensure seamless model updates, scalability, and reliability
implementing robust monitoring and alerting mechanisms to track model performance, data quality, 
and system health in the production environment.
Scale Data-
When building a generative AI application, data access and processing should be consistent, reliable, and automated
Considerations to keep in mind include: governance, access, as well as extract, transform, and load (ETL). 
Integrate-
The process of seamlessly connecting various components of the generative AI system, including FM and LLM models, data sources, and supporting 
infrastructure, to create a cohesive and streamlined workflow
Legal-
The legal landscape regarding regulation changes and responsible use cases for generative AI is evolving.
Security-
Generative AI can raise data privacy concerns. Partners need security measures like encryption 
and access controls to restrict certain data.
Additionally, access management is important to enforce rules on who can view sensitive documents. 
Finally, guardrails provide layers of protection, including defensive prompting, personally identifiable information (PII) 
removal, URL validation, and inappropriate content detection.
Considerations to keep in mind include: guardrails, access management, and data privacy.

Change management
Generative AI requires thoughtful change management that include the following:

    Training end users on the technology's capabilities and limitations
    Clearly communicating role changes
    Implementing feedback loops so that users feel in control of the new technology
A key activity during the Implementation phase is integrating the generative AI solution with existing systems and processes.
