Scaling and Monitoring Phase

A key activity in the Scaling and Monitoring phase is to validate your business outcomes.

This phase involves scaling the generative AI solution up to accommodate 
larger datasets, serve more departments (if applicable), and add new features
Generative AI monitoring can help evaluate the quality and accuracy of the 
generated data or content, and identify any issues or anomalies. 

The following are key activities during the Scaling and Monitoring phase, along with their goals.
1)Lifecycle management
2)Monitor performance
3)Business outcomes validation

1)
    Maintain data inputs, for instance refreshing data pipelines and data augmentation fine tuning.
    Stay up-to-date and integrate new model features and capabilities.
    Continuously evaluate in-market options and architectural choices. 
      For example: next generation model performance or model optimization.

2)  Evaluate operational metric such as: latency, reliability, availability.
    Evaluate output metric such as: accuracy, relevance, errors, and hallucinations.
    Collect human feedback, such as thumbs up, thumbs down.

3) Monitor business performance metrics.
  Update and validate ROI analysis.
  Execute ongoing change management activities, including driving user adoption

Challenges and unique considerations
During the Scaling and Monitoring phase, some top challenges and considerations for customers include.
1)Fast moving technological landscape-involves constant reevaluation of their productionized solutions. 
2)Lack of clearly defined risk tolerance parameters and mitigation plans
To responsibly implement AI, companies must have a clear understanding of their risk tolerance. This includes defining acceptable risks, designating responsible parties to characterize risks,
and establishing processes to evaluate risks and determine appropriate mitigation.
3)Business value realization
Fully realizing the benefits of a generative AI project requires both monitoring and managing the deployment of the application. 

Provide managed services
Help your customer build their capability to design and maintain services, such as foundation model operations
(FMOps) and cybersecurity tailored to their generative AI solution. 
Services may include-
bias monitoring, model maintenance, data refresh, and so on

Long-term innovation strategy development and support 
    Conduct ideation workshop refreshes.
    Build a comprehensive plan that delivers on their short-term business goals but can also scale to meet
    their long-term objectives.
    Define standardized practices to explore, experiment, build, and repeat core processes in a standardized platform.
    Refresh economic analysis.
    Provide continuous training and development around generative AI trends.
