The pace of the generative AI industry is evolving rapidly, it is essential to support them through each phase of the journey.
The customer journey involves four phases to move from
1)strategy and evaluation
2)proof of concept
3)implementation
4)monitoring & scaling

The purpose of the Strategy & Evaluation phase:
              is to determine what the customer wants generative AI to do for their business.
PoC-
              After the initial assessment and strategizing, customers will often request a proof of concept (PoC) to
              validate the technical feasibility, business impact, and organizational readiness for the new solution.
The Implementation phase:
              is the transition from a PoC to a fully operational generative AI solution.
M& Scalling: 
              This phase involves scaling the generative AI solution up to accommodate larger datasets, 
              serve more departments (if applicable), and add new features

1)strategy and evaluation
The purpose of the Strategy & Evaluation phase is to identify the business and operational problems and how generative AI can be
used to address practical solutions.
 It is also used to determine which initiatives can be improved or complemented,
 and how to deploy generative AI to achieve results.

When engaging your customers regarding generative AI, you should be prepared to 
support customers through four key topics

1)Initial assessment and use case identification
    1)Understand your customer's current data and cloud infrastructure investments.
    2)Evaluate data readiness.
    3)Identify and group generative AI use cases and build a roadmap for testing and implementation.
    4)Define business objectives for any generative AI pilots.
    5)Ask about technical requirements.
    6)Figure out their business problems and operating challenges.

Solution engineering and design 
    1)Establish the design criteria and function of the generative AI solution.
    2)Help your customers decide whether to develop the solution in-house or purchase an existing solution. 
    3)Conduct training for business and technical teams.
    4)Ensure proper data access.

Model selection
    1)Based on your customer's prioritized use case and operational goals, identify the models that could be 
      a fit to evaluate.
    2)Understand the alignment training approach and integrated safeguards of models that you are considering.

Project scoping and cost analysis
    1)Complete an initial assessment of direct and indirect costs. Note that in later phases, you will 
      have additional details to do a more thorough analysis.
    2)Identify time and talent requirements.
    3)Build an understanding of operational implications and dependencies of productionizing the 
      solution (for example, MLOps foundations).

2)Challenges and unique considerations
Customers face unique challenges at each stage of their generative AI adoption journey.
During the Strategy and Evaluation phase, some top challenges and considerations for customers include:
Trouble keeping up as generative AI technology evolves rapidly.
Distinguishing fact from fiction amid the volume of marketing information on generative AI.
Lack of clarity about return on investment (ROI) on generative AI investments.
    There can be a lack of clarity about ROI. The value of generative AI can be difficult to estimate
    because its upside derives from metrics that are hard to quantify, such as customer service quality.
Lack of understanding around generative AI can amplify security concerns
    Security challenges that customers may face include
       Regulatory uncertainty
       Data privacy
       IP sovereignty concerns
       Security concerns
       Output quality and consistency
       Lack of data access or poor data quality 
       Lack of culture and skills required to innovate
3)What Partners can do
    Develop strategic content
    Provide generative AI advisory services
        Help customers create a data strategy for generative AI.
        Provide support to identify use cases, estimate ROI, and assess implementation and scale up costs.
        Help customers drive business stakeholder alignment.
        Provide customers with product demos and hands on experience with generative AI.
        Educate customers on industry specific trends and adoption examples. 
        Provide ideation workshops.
     Standardize cost estimation
       Use AWS cost estimation tools and build comprehensive cost calculators to help customers perform a total cost of ownership (TCO) analysis for generative AI.
       Templatize these tools and make them readily accessible to customers.
