Which are three key areas where generative AI can drive business value
  Enhancing the customer experience
  Boosting employee productivity & creativity
  Optimizing business process

Building a Long-Term and Scalable Generative AI Plan

1)Economic considerations:
    Managing the cost of generative AI is essential for customers to achieve long-term, scalable success
2)Responsible AI considerations:
    While building and deploying gen AI solutions, taking a balanced approach is critical.
3)MLOps considerations:
    Machine Learning Operations (MLOps) plays a critical role in scaling all artificial intelligence
    and machine learning (AI/ML) projects, including generative AI

1) Economic considerations:
     a) Determine direct costs
     b) Define indirect costs
     c) Build an accurate picture of ROI

a)Determine direct costs
  The choice of foundation model and deployment approach
  The method of invoking or tuning the model
  How the application is utilized in production
     -The volume of engagement, such as model calls and length of prompts, emerges as a significant factor influencing the TCO.
b)Help customers define indirect costs:
   Indirect costs to account for when adopting generative AI include: 
   increased legal, compliance, and risk management expenses.
   forming new teams, advisors, change management process, and integrating the technology.
c)Work with customers to build an accurate picture of the ROI
economic equation is costs plus benefits equals ROI. 

Total cost ownership (TCO) can include: 1. Direct costs (like the immediate costs associated with buying or building the technology),
along with 2. Indirect costs (like in-house oversight and change management).

Generative AI can influence three core aspects of a company – which translates to a mix of 
top-line, bottom-line, and intangible impacts.


Enhancing customer experience. 
Example use cases include: personalized marketing, virtual customer assistants, and product recommendations.
•
Boosting employee productivity and creativity. 
Example use cases include: automated content creation, virtual assistants for employees, and enhancing decision making 
with data insights.
•
Optimizing business processes. Example use cases include: predictive maintenance, supply chain optimization, 
and fraud detection.

Important considerations
help customers ensure that their strategy design and implementation choices are always geared to support ROI by continuously evaluating their business opportunity for their generative AI applications. 
